DrugName
(S)-nicardipine
(S)-nitrendipine
Choline C-11
Florbetapir F-18
Flutemetamol (18F)
N-Acetylglucosamine
Vitamin E
abacavir
abaloparatide
abametapir
abarelix
abatacept
abciximab
abemaciclib
abiraterone acetate
acalabrutinib
acamprosate
acarbose
acebutolol
aceclidine
aceclofenac
acediasulfone
acefylline
acemetacin
acenocoumarol
acepromazine
aceprometazine
acetanilide
acetazolamide
acetic acid
acetohexamide
acetohydroxamic acid
acetophenazine
acetoxolone
acetylcholine
acetylcysteine
acetyldigitoxin
acetylmethadol
acetylsalicylic acid
acipimox
acitretin
aclarubicin
aclatonium
aclidinium bromide
acotiamide
acrivastine
acyclovir
adalimumab
adapalene
adefovir dipivoxil
ademetionine
adenine
adenosine
adenosine phosphate
adenosine triphosphate
adinazolam
adiphenine
adipic acid
afamelanotide
afatinib
aflibercept
agomelatine
ajmaline
alacepril
alatrofloxacin
albendazole
albendazole sulfoxide
albiglutide
alcaftadine
alclofenac
alclometasone dipropionate
alcuronium
aldesleukin
aldesulfone
aldosterone
alectinib
alefacept
alemtuzumab
alendronic acid
alexidine
alfacalcidol
alfaxalone
alfentanil
alfuzosin
alimemazine
alirocumab
aliskiren
alitretinoin
alizapride
allopurinol
almotriptan
alogliptin
alosetron
alpelisib
alpha-Ergocryptine
alpidem
alprazolam
alprenolol
alprostadil
alteplase
altretamine
alvimopan
amantadine
ambenonium
ambrisentan
ambroxol
amcinonide
amfetamine
amidefrine
amifampridine
amifostine
amikacin
amiloride
amineptine
aminoacridine
aminobenzoic acid
aminobutyric acid
aminocaproic acid
aminoglutethimide
aminohippuric acid
aminophenazone
aminopicoline
aminopterin
aminoquinuride
aminosalicylic acid
amiodarone
amisulpride
amitriptyline
amitriptylinoxide
amlexanox
amlodipine
amodiaquine
amoxapine
amoxicillin
amperozide
ampicillin
amprenavir
amrinone
amsacrine
anagliptin
anagrelide
anakinra
anastrozole
androisoxazole
androstanolone
androstenediol
androstenedione
anecortave
angiotensin II
anhydrovinblastine
anidulafungin
anileridine
anisindione
ansuvimab
antazoline
apalutamide
apatinib
apixaban
apomorphine
apraclonidine
apremilast
aprepitant
aprindine
aprotinin
aranidipine
arbutamine
arbutin
arformoterol
argatroban
arginine glutamate
arginine hydrochloride
aripiprazole
aripiprazole lauroxil
armodafinil
arsenic trioxide
artemisinin
articaine
ascorbic acid
asenapine
asparagine
aspartic acid
astemizole
asulacrine
asunaprevir
atazanavir
atenolol
atezolizumab
atoltivimab
atomoxetine
atorvastatin
atosiban
atovaquone
atracurium
atropine
auranofin
aurothioglucose
avanafil
avapritinib
avatrombopag
avelumab
avibactam
avobenzone
axitinib
azacitidine
azacyclonol
azapetine
azapropazone
azaribine
azasetron
azatadine
azathioprine
azelaic acid
azelastine
azelnidipine
azilsartan medoxomil
azimilide
azithromycin
azlocillin
aztreonam
bacampicillin
bacitracin
baclofen
baicalin
baloxavir marboxil
balsalazide
bambuterol
bamipine
bamlanivimab
baricitinib
barnidipine
basiliximab
bazedoxifene
becaplermin
beclabuvir
beclometasone dipropionate
bedaquiline
bekanamycin
belantamab mafodotin
belatacept
belimumab
belinostat
belotecan
bempedoic acid
benazepril
bendamustine
bendroflumethiazide
benidipine
benoxaprofen
benperidol
benralizumab
benserazide
benzamycin
benzarone
benzathine benzylpenicillin
benzatropine
benzbromarone
benzethonium
benziodarone
benzocaine
benzoic acid
benzoin
benzonatate
benzphetamine
benzquinamide
benzthiazide
benzydamine
benzyl benzoate
benzylpenicillin
benzylsulfamide
bepotastine
bepridil
beraprost
bergapten
berotralstat
besifloxacin
betacarotene
betahistine
betamethasone
betamethasone acetate
betamethasone benzoate
betamethasone dipropionate
betamethasone phosphate
betamethasone valerate
betamipron
betanidine
betaxolol
betazole
bethanechol
betrixaban
bevacizumab
bevantolol
bexarotene
bezafibrate
bezlotoxumab
biapenem
bicalutamide
bictegravir
bietamiverine
bifemelane
bifonazole
bilastine
bimatoprost
binimetinib
biotin
biperiden
biriperone
bisacodyl
bisantrene
bismuth subsalicylate
bisoprolol
bisulepine
bithionol
bitolterol
bivalirudin
blinatumomab
blonanserin
boceprevir
bopindolol
borofalan (10B)
bortezomib
bosentan
bosutinib
botulinum toxin type A
bremelanotide
brentuximab vedotin
bretylium
brexanolone
brexpiprazole
brigatinib
brilliant Blue G
brimonidine
brinzolamide
brivaracetam
brivudine
brodalumab
brodimoprim
brolucizumab
bromazepam
bromazine
bromfenac
bromhexine
bromocriptine
bromopride
bromperidol
brompheniramine
bropirimine
brotizolam
broxuridine
broxyquinoline
buclizine
budesonide
budipine
bufexamac
buflomedil
bufuralol
bufylline
bulevirtide
bumetanide
bunazosin
buphenine
bupivacaine
bupranolol
buprenorphine
bupropion
burosumab
buserelin
buspirone
busulfan
butacaine
butalbital
butenafine
butethamine
butoconazole
butorphanol
butriptyline
butylphthalide
cabazitaxel
cabergoline
cabotegravir
cabozantinib
cadralazine
caffeine
calcifediol
calcipotriene
calcitonin (salmon synthetic)
calcitonin human
calcitriol
camostat
camphor
camylofin
canagliflozin
canakinumab
candesartan cilexetil
cangrelor
cannabidiol
canrenone
capecitabine
caplacizumab
capmatinib
capsaicin
captopril
caramiphen
carazolol
carbachol
carbamazepine
carbamide
carbaryl
carbenicillin
carbenoxolone
carbetocin
carbidopa
carbimazole
carbinoxamine
carbon tetrachloride
carboprost
carbutamide
carfenazine
carfilzomib
carglumic acid
carindacillin
cariprazine
carmofur
carmustine
carperitide
carpipramine
carprofen
carteolol
carubicin
carumonam
carvedilol
casimersen
casirivimab
casopitant
caspofungin
cefacetrile
cefaclor
cefadroxil
cefalexin
cefaloglycin
cefalotin
cefamandole
cefamandole nafate
cefapirin
cefazolin
cefdinir
cefditoren pivoxil
cefepime
cefetamet pivoxil
cefiderocol
cefixime
cefmenoxime
cefmetazole
cefonicid
cefoperazone
ceforanide
cefotaxime
cefotetan
cefotiam
cefoxitin
cefpiramide
cefprozil
cefradine
cefsulodin
ceftaroline fosamil
ceftazidime
ceftibuten
ceftizoxime
ceftobiprole medocaril
ceftriaxone
cefuroxime
cefuroxime axetil
celecoxib
celiprolol
cemiplimab
cenegermin
cenobamate
cepharanthine
ceritinib
cerivastatin
certolizumab pegol
cerulenin
ceruletide
cetilistat
cetirizine
cetrimide
cetrimonium
cetrorelix
cetuximab
cetylpyridinium
cevimeline
chenodiol
chidamide
chiniofon
chlorambucil
chloramphenicol
chlorcyclizine
chlordiazepoxide
chlorhexidine
chlormadinone
chloroprocaine
chloropyramine
chloroquine
chlorothiazide
chlorotrianisene
chloroxine
chloroxylenol
chlorphenamine
chlorphentermine
chlorproethazine
chlorpromazine
chlorpropamide
chlorprothixene
chlorquinaldol
chlortalidone
chlortetracycline
chlorthenoxazine
chlorzoxazone
cholic acid
choline
choline fenofibrate
choline theophyllinate
choriogonadotropin alfa
chromic chloride
cianidanol
cibenzoline
cicaprost
ciclesonide
ciclopirox
cicloprolol
ciclosporin
cidofovir
cilastatin
cilazapril
cilnidipine
cilostazol
cimetidine
cinacalcet
cinalukast
cinchocaine
cinchophen
cinnarizine
cinoxacin
cinromide
ciprofibrate
ciprofloxacin
ciramadol
cisapride
cisatracurium
cisplatin
citalopram
citric acid
cladribine
clarithromycin
clascoterone
clavulanic acid
clebopride
clemastine
clemizole
clenbuterol
clevidipine
clidinium
climbazole
clindamycin
clioquinol
clobazam
clobenztropine
clobetasol propionate
clobetasone butyrate
clocortolone pivalate
clodronic acid
clofarabine
clofazimine
clofenotane
clofibrate
clofibric acid
clometacin
clomethiazole
clomifene
clomipramine
clonazepam
clonidine
clonixin
clopenthixol
cloperastine
clopidogrel
clorazepate
clorindione
clorotepine
clorprenaline
clotiapine
clotrimazole
cloxacillin
cloxazolam
cloxiquine
clozapine
cobicistat
cobimetinib
cocaine
codeine
colchicine
colecalciferol
colforsin daropate
colistin
conivaptan
conjugated estrogens
copanlisib
copper dotatate Cu-64
corbadrine
corifollitropin alfa
corticorelin
corticotropin
cortisone acetate
cortivazol
cotinine
coumarin
cridanimod
crisaborole
crizanlizumab
crizotinib
crofelemer
cromoglicic acid
cyamemazine
cyanocobalamin
cyclacillin
cyclizine
cyclobenzaprine
cyclofenil
cycloguanil
cyclomethycaine
cyclopentolate
cyclophosphamide
cycloserine
cyclothiazide
cyclovalone
cycrimine
cynarine
cyproheptadine
cyproterone acetate
cysteine
cytarabine
cytisine
dabigatran etexilate
dabrafenib
dacarbazine
daclatasvir
daclizumab
dacomitinib
dactinomycin
danazol
dantrolene
dapagliflozin
dapiprazole
dapoxetine
daprodustat
dapsone
daptomycin
daratumumab
darbepoetin alfa
darifenacin
darolutamide
darunavir
dasabuvir
dasatinib
dasiglucagon
daunorubicin
daunorubicinol
deanol
debrisoquine
decamethonium
decitabine
deferiprone
deferoxamine
degarelix
delapril
delavirdine
delgocitinib
delorazepam
demecarium
demeclocycline
demoxytocin
denileukin diftitox
denopamine
denosumab
deoxycholic acid
deptropine
dequalinium
desalkylflurazepam
deserpidine
desflurane
desipramine
desirudin
deslanoside
desloratadine
desmopressin
desogestrel
desomorphine
desonide
desoximetasone
desoxycorticosterone acetate
desoxycorticosterone pivalate
desoxycortone
desvenlafaxine
deutetrabenazine
dexamethasone
dexamethasone acetate
dexamethasone palmitate
dexamethasone phosphate
dexamethasone valerate
dexamfetamine
dexbrompheniramine
dexchlorpheniramine
dexetimide
dexfenfluramine
dexfosfoserine
dexibuprofen
dexketoprofen
dexlansoprazole
dexloxiglumide
dexmedetomidine
dexmethylphenidate
dexniguldipine
dexrabeprazole
dextromethorphan
dextropropoxyphene
dextrothyroxine
dezocine
diacerein
diamorphine
diazepam
diazoxide
dibekacin
dibrompropamidine
dibutylphthalate
dichloroacetic acid
dichlorophen
dichlorphenamide
diclofenac
dicloxacillin
dicoumarol
dicycloverine
didanosine
dienestrol
dienogest
diethazine
diethylcarbamazine
diethylpropion
diethylstilbestrol
difenoxin
diflorasone diacetate
diflunisal
difluprednate
digitoxin
digoxin
dihydrocodeine
dihydroergocristine
dihydroergocryptine
dihydroergotamine
dihydrotachysterol
diiodohydroxyquinoline
dilazep
dilevalol
diltiazem
dimemorfan
dimenhydrinate
dimetacrine
dimethyl fumarate
dimethyltubocurarinium
dimetindene
dinoprost
dinoprostone
diosmetin
diosmin
dioxadrol
dioxyline
diperodon
diphemanil
diphenhydramine
diphenidol
diphenoxylate
diphenylpyraline
dipivefrine
diprafenone
diprophylline
dipyridamole
diquafosol
disopyramide
distigmine
disufenton
disulfiram
dithranol
ditiocarb
dobutamine
docetaxel
doconexent
docosanoic acid
docosanol
dodecanoic acid
dofetilide
dolasetron
dolutegravir
domitroban
domperidone
donepezil
dopamine
dopexamine
doravirine
doripenem
dorzolamide
dostarlimab
dosulepin
dotinurad
doxacurium
doxapram
doxazosin
doxepin
doxercalciferol
doxifluridine
doxorubicin
doxycycline
doxylamine
dronabinol
dronedarone
droperidol
drospirenone
drostanolone propionate
drotaverine
droxidopa
dulaglutide
duloxetine
dupilumab
durvalumab
dutasteride
duvelisib
dyclonine
dydrogesterone
ebastine
ebrotidine
eburnamonine
ecallantide
echothiophate
econazole
eculizumab
edaravone
edatrexate
edetic acid
edoxaban
edoxudine
edrophonium
efalizumab
efavirenz
efinaconazole
eflornithine
efonidipine
eicosapentaenoic acid
elagolix
elbasvir
eldecalcitol
eledoisin
eletriptan
elexacaftor
eliglustat
elliptinium
elobixibat
elotuzumab
eltanolone
eltrombopag
eluxadoline
elvitegravir
emapalumab
emedastine
emetine
emicizumab
empagliflozin
emtricitabine
enalapril
enalaprilat
enarodustat
enasidenib
encainide
encorafenib
endralazine
enflurane
enfortumab vedotin
enfuvirtide
enilconazole
enoxacin
enoxaparin sodium
enoximone
enoxolone
enprofylline
enprostil
entacapone
entecavir
entrectinib
enzalutamide
eosin
epalrestat
eperisone
ephedrine
epinastine
epinephrine
epirubicin
eplerenone
epoetin alfa
epoetin beta
epoetin theta
epoetin zeta
epoprostenol
eprosartan
eptifibatide
eptinezumab
erdafitinib
erenumab
ergocalciferol
ergometrine
ergotamine
eribulin
eritoran
erlotinib
ertapenem
ertugliflozin
erythromycin
erythromycin propionate
esatenolol
escitalopram
eseridine
esflurbiprofen
esketamine
eslicarbazepine acetate
esmolol
esomeprazole
estazolam
estetrol
estradiol
estradiol acetate
estradiol benzoate
estradiol cypionate
estradiol mustard
estradiol valerate
estramustine phosphate
estriol
estriol succinate
estrone
estrone sulphate
eszopiclone
etanercept
etelcalcetide
eteplirsen
etesevimab
ethacridine
ethacrynic acid
ethambutol
ethanol
ethchlorvynol
ethinylestradiol
ethionamide
ethisterone
ethosuximide
ethotoin
ethoxzolamide
ethyl biscoumacetate
ethyl hydroxybenzoate
ethylestrenol
etidocaine
etidronic acid
etilamfetamine
etilefrine
etilefrine pivalate
etizolam
etodolac
etofylline
etomidate
etonogestrel
etoperidone
etoposide
etoposide phosphate
etoricoxib
etoxadrol
etravirine
etretinate
etryptamine
etynodiol
euflavine
eugenol
evans blue
everolimus
evinacumab
evocalcet
evogliptin
evolocumab
exemestane
exenatide
exisulind
ezetimibe
fadrozole
famciclovir
famotidine
fampridine
famprofazone
fasudil
febuxostat
fedratinib
felbamate
felbinac
felodipine
felypressin
femoxetine
fenbendazole
fenbufen
fendiline
fendosal
fenfluramine
fenofibrate
fenoldopam
fenoprofen
fenoterol
fenoxazoline
fentanyl
fentiazac
fenticlor
fesoterodine
fexofenadine
fidaxomicin
filgotinib
filgrastim
fimasartan
finasteride
fingolimod
flavoxate
flecainide
fleroxacin
flibanserin
floctafenine
flopropione
florbetaben F18
flortaucipir F 18
floxacillin
floxuridine
fluconazole
flucytosine
fludarabine phosphate
fludrocortisone acetate
fludroxycortide
flufenamic acid
fluindione
flumazenil
flumetasone pivalate
flunarizine
flunisolide
flunitrazepam
fluocinolone acetonide
fluocinonide
fluorescein
fluoroestradiol F 18
fluorometholone
fluorometholone acetate
fluorouracil
fluostigmine
fluoxetine
fluoxymesterone
flupentixol
fluphenazine
fluphenazine decanoate
fluphenazine enanthate
flupirtine
fluprednisolone
flurazepam
flurbiprofen
flusalan
fluspirilene
flutamide
fluticasone furoate
fluticasone propionate
flutrimazole
fluvastatin
fluvoxamine
folic acid
follitropin
fomepizole
fondaparinux
formestane
formoterol
forodesine
fosamprenavir
fosaprepitant
foscarnet
fosdenopterin
fosfestrol
fosfluconazole
fosfomycin
fosinopril
fosnetupitant
fosphenytoin
fospropofol
fostamatinib
fostemsavir
framycetin
fremanezumab
frovatriptan
fructose
ftivazide
fulvestrant
fumagillin
fumaric acid
furaltadone
furosemide
furtrethonium
fusidic acid
gabapentin
gabapentin enacarbil
gabexate
galantamine
galcanezumab
gallamine
gallium (68Ga) edotreotide
gallium (68Ga) gozetotide
gallopamil
gamolenic acid
ganciclovir
ganirelix
gatifloxacin
gefitinib
gemcitabine
gemfibrozil
gemifloxacin
gemigliptin
gemtuzumab ozogamicin
gentamicin
gentian violet
gentisic acid
gepirone
gestodene
gestrinone
gilteritinib
gimeracil
givosiran
glafenine
glasdegib
glibenclamide
glibornuride
gliclazide
glimepiride
glipizide
gliquidone
glisoxepide
glucagon
gluconolactone
glutamic acid
glutamine
glutathione
glutethimide
glyceryl trinitrate
glycine
glycopyrronium bromide
glycyrrhizic acid
golimumab
golodirsen
gonadorelin
goserelin
gossypol
gramicidin
granisetron
grazoprevir
grepafloxacin
griseofulvin
guaiacol
guanabenz
guanadrel
guanethidine
guanfacine
guanidine
guselkumab
halazepam
halcinonide
halofantrine
haloperidol
haloperidol decanoate
halopredone acetate
haloprogin
halothane
heparin
hesperetin
hetacillin
hexachlorophene
hexafluronium
hexamethonium
hexamidine
hexestrol
hexobarbital
hexobendine
hexocyclium
hexylcaine
hexylresorcinol
histamine
histidine
histrelin
homatropine
homonicotinic acid
hycanthone
hydralazine
hydrochloric acid
hydrochlorothiazide
hydrocodone
hydrocortamate
hydrocortisone
hydrocortisone acetate
hydrocortisone butyrate
hydrocortisone cypionate
hydrocortisone probutate
hydrocortisone succinate
hydrocortisone valerate
hydroflumethiazide
hydromorphone
hydroquinidine
hydroquinone
hydroxyamfetamine
hydroxycarbamide
hydroxychloroquine
hydroxyprogesterone caproate
hydroxystilbamidine
hydroxyzine
hymecromone
hyoscyamine
ibalizumab
ibandronic acid
ibrexafungerp
ibritumomab tiuxetan
ibrutinib
ibudilast
ibufenac
ibuprofen
ibuproxam
ibutilide
icatibant
iclaprim
icosapent ethyl
icotinib
idarubicin
idebenone
idelalisib
idoxuridine
ifenprodil
iguratimod
ilaprazole
iloperidone
iloprost
imatinib
imdevimab
imidafenacin
imidapril
imipenem
imipramine
imiquimod
imlifidase
imrecoxib
incadronic acid
indacaterol
indalpine
indapamide
indecainide
indenolol
indinavir
indisetron
indobufen
indomethacin
indoprofen
indoramin
inebilizumab
infigratinib
infliximab
ingenol mebutate
inotersen 
inotuzumab ozogamicin
inqovi
insulin aspart
insulin degludec
insulin detemir
insulin glargine
insulin glulisine
insulin human
insulin lispro
interferon beta-1a
interferon beta-1b
intoplicine
ipidacrine
ipilimumab
ipragliflozin
ipratropium
ipriflavone
iprindole
iproniazid
irbesartan
irinotecan
irofulven
isatuximab
isepamicin
isocarboxazid
isoconazole
isoetarine
isoflurane
isoniazid
isoprenaline
isopropamide
isosorbide dinitrate
isosorbide mononitrate
isotretinoin
isoxicam
isradipine
istradefylline
itraconazole
ivabradine
ivacaftor
ivermectin
ivosidenib
ixabepilone
ixazomib
ixekizumab
kainic acid
kanamycin
ketamine
ketanserin
ketobemidone
ketoconazole
ketoprofen
ketorolac
ketotifen
khellin
kinetin
kojic acid
labetalol
lacidipine
lacosamide
lactose
lamivudine
lamotrigine
lanadelumab
landiolol
laninamivir octanoate hydrate
lanreotide
lansoprazole
lapatinib
laropiprant
larotrectinib
lasmiditan
lasofoxifene
latamoxef
latanoprost
latanoprostene bunod
ledipasvir
leflunomide
lemborexant
lenalidomide
lenograstim
lenvatinib
lepirudin
lercanidipine
lesinurad
letermovir
letrozole
leucine
leucovorin
leuprorelin
levallorphan
levamfetamine
levamisole
levamlodipine
levdobutamine
levetiracetam
levisoprenaline
levmetamfetamine
levobetaxolol
levobunolol
levobupivacaine
levocabastine
levocarnitine
levocetirizine
levodopa
levofloxacin
levomefolic acid
levomenol
levomenthol
levomepromazine
levomethadone
levomethadyl acetate
levomilnacipran
levonorgestrel
levorphanol
levosalbutamol
levosimendan
levosulpiride
levothyroxine
lidocaine
lidoflazine
lifitegrast
limaprost
linaclotide
linagliptin
lincomycin
lindane
linezolid
linoleic acid
linolenic acid
linopirdine
liothyronine
lipegfilgrastim
liraglutide
lisdexamfetamine
lisinopril
lisuride
lithium carbonate
lithium citrate
lixisenatide
lobeglitazone
lodoxamide
lofepramine
lofexidine
lomefloxacin
lomerizine
lomitapide
lonafarnib
lonazolac
loncastuximab tesirine
loperamide
lopinavir
loprazolam
loracarbef
loratadine
lorazepam
lorcainide
lorcaserin
lorlatinib
losartan
loteprednol etabonate
lovastatin
loxapine
loxiglumide
loxoprofen
lubeluzole
lubiprostone
lucanthone
luliconazole
lumacaftor
lumasiran
lumateperone
lumefantrine
lumiracoxib
lurasidone
luseogliflozin
luspatercept
lusutrombopag
lutetium (177Lu) oxodotreotide
lutropin alfa
lypressin
lysergide
lysine
macimorelin
macitentan
mafenide
maftivimab
malathion
manidipine
maprotiline
maraviroc
margetuximab
masoprocol
maxacalcitol
mazindol
mebanazine
mebendazole
mebhydrolin
mecamylamine
mecasermin
mecillinam
meclofenamic acid
meclozine
medazepam
medetomidine
medroxalol
medroxyprogesterone
medrysone
mefenamic acid
mefloquine
mefuparib
megestrol acetate
meglutol
melatonin
meldonium
meloxicam
melperone
melphalan
memantine
menadione
menadione sodium bisulfite
menatetrenone
mepacrine
mepenzolate
mephentermine
mephenytoin
mepivacaine
mepolizumab
meprednisone
meprobamate
meproscillarin
meprylcaine
meptazinol
mepyramine
mequinol
mequitazine
mercaptopurine
meropenem
mesalazine
mesoridazine
mestanolone
mesterolone
mestranol
metacycline
metamizole
metaraminol
metergoline
metformin
methacholine
methadone
methamphetamine
methanthelinium
methapyrilene
methaqualone
metharbital
methazolamide
methdilazine
methionine
methocarbamol
methohexital
methotrexate
methoxamine
methoxsalen
methoxy polyethylene glycol-epoetin beta
methoxyflurane
methscopolamine
methsuximide
methylatropine
methylclothiazide
methyldopa
methyldopate
methylergometrine
methylnaltrexone
methylparaben
methylphenidate
methylphenobarbital
methylprednisolone
methylprednisolone acetate
methylprednisolone succinate
methyltestosterone
methylthioninium chloride
methyprylon
methysergide
metiazinic acid
meticillin
metildigoxin
metipranolol
metirosine
metixene
metizoline
metochalcone
metoclopramide
metolazone
metopimazine
metoprolol
metreleptin
metronidazole
metyrapone
mexiletine
mezlocillin
mianserin
mibefradil
micafungin
miconazole
midazolam
midodrine
midostaurin
mifamurtide
mifepristone
migalastat
miglitol
miglustat
milnacipran
milrinone
miltefosine
mimosine
minaprine
minocycline
minodronic acid
minoxidil
mirabegron
mirodenafil
mirtazapine
misoprostol
mitiglinide
mitoguazone
mitomycin
mitotane
mitoxantrone
mivacurium
mizolastine
moclobemide
modafinil
moexipril
mofezolac
mogamulizumab
molindone
molsidomine
mometasone furoate
monobenzone
montelukast
moperone
moracizine
morphine
mosapramine
mosapride
moxastine
moxestrol
moxetumomab pasudotox
moxidectin
moxifloxacin
moxonidine
mozavaptan
mupirocin
muromonab-CD3
mycophenolate mofetil
mycophenolic acid
myrtecaine
nabilone
nabumetone
nadolol
nafamostat
nafarelin
nafcillin
naftidrofuryl
naftifine
naftopidil
nalbuphine
naldemedine
nalfurafine
nalidixic acid
nalmefene
nalorphine
naloxegol
naloxone
naltrexone
nandrolone
nandrolone decanoate
nandrolone phenpropionate
naphazoline
naproxen
naratriptan
natalizumab
nateglinide
nebivolol
necitumumab
nedocromil
nefazodone
nefopam
nelfinavir
nemonapride
neomycin
neostigmine
nepafenac
nepinalone
neratinib
neridronic acid
nesiritide
netarsudil
netupitant
nevirapine
nicardipine
niclosamide
nicorandil
nicotinamide
nicotine
nicotinic acid
nifedipine
nifekalant
nifenalol
niflumic acid
nifuroxazide
nilotinib
nilutamide
nilvadipine
nimesulide
nimodipine
nintedanib
niperotidine
niraparib
nisoldipine
nitazoxanide
nitisinone
nitrazepam
nitrendipine
nitric oxide
nitrofurantoin
nitrofurazone
nitroprusside
nitroxoline
nivolumab
nizatidine
nomifensine
nordazepam
nordefrin
norelgestromin
norepinephrine
norethindrone acetate
norethisterone
norethynodrel
norfloxacin
norgestimate
nortriptyline
noscapine
novobiocin
obeticholic acid
obidoxime
obiltoxaximab
obinutuzumab
ocrelizumab
octanoic acid
octatropine methylbromide
octopamine
octreotide
odesivimab
ofatumumab
ofloxacin
olanzapine
olaparib
olaratumab
oleandrin
oleic acid
oliceridine
olmesartan medoxomil
olmutinib
olodaterol
olopatadine
olprinone
olsalazine
omalizumab
omapatrilat
omarigliptin
ombitasvir
omeprazole
omidenepag isopropyl
ondansetron
opicapone
opipramol
oprelvekin
orciprenaline
orlistat
ornithine
orphenadrine
oseltamivir
osilodrostat
osimertinib
ospemifene
oteracil
ouabain
oxacillin
oxagrelate
oxametacin
oxandrolone
oxaprozin
oxatomide
oxazepam
oxcarbazepine
oxedrine
oxetacaine
oxiconazole
oxitriptan
oxprenolol
oxybenzone
oxybuprocaine
oxybutynin
oxycinchophen
oxycodone
oxymetazoline
oxymetholone
oxymorphone
oxyphenbutazone
oxyphencyclimine
oxyphenonium
oxyquinoline
oxytetracycline
oxytocin
ozagrel
ozanimod
paclitaxel
palbociclib
palifermin
paliperidone
paliperidone palmitate
palivizumab
palmidrol
palonosetron
pamabrom
pamidronic acid
pancreozymin
pancuronium
panitumumab
panobinostat
pantoprazole
papaverine
paracetamol
paramethadione
paraoxon
parathyroid hormone
parecoxib
parethoxycaine
pargyline
paricalcitol
paroxetine
pasireotide
patisiran
pazopanib
pecazine
pefloxacin
pegaptanib
pegcetacoplan
pegfilgrastim
peginesatide
peginterferon alfa-2a
peginterferon alfa-2b
peginterferon beta-1a
pegvisomant
pemafibrate
pembrolizumab
pemetrexed
pemigatinib
pemoline
penbutolol
penciclovir
penfluridol
penicillamine
pentagastrin
pentamidine
pentazocine
pentobarbital
pentolonium
pentostatin
pentoxifylline
pentoxyverine
peramivir
perampanel
pergolide
perhexiline
periciazine
perindopril
perlapine
permethrin
perospirone
perphenazine
pertuzumab
pethidine
pexidartinib
phenacaine
phenacemide
phenacetin
phenazocine
phenazone
phenazopyridine
phencyclidine
phendimetrazine
phenelzine
phenformin
phenibut
phenindamine
phenindione
pheniprazine
pheniramine
phenmetrazine
phenobarbital
phenol
phenolphthalein
phenoxybenzamine
phenoxymethylpenicillin
phenprocoumon
phensuximide
phentermine
phentolamine
phenylacetic acid
phenylalanine
phenylbutanoic acid
phenylbutazone
phenylephrine
phenylpropanolamine
phenyltoloxamine
phenytoin
phloroglucinol
physostigmine
pibrentasvir
picloxydine
picrotin
picrotoxin
piflufolastat F-18
piketoprofen
pilocarpine
pilsicainide
pimavanserin
pimecrolimus
pimethixene
pimobendan
pimozide
pinacidil
pindolol
pioglitazone
pipamazine
pipamperone
pipecuronium
piperacillin
piperazine
piperonyl butoxide
pipotiazine palmitate
pirbuterol
pirenzepine
piretanide
piribedil
pirlindole
pirmenol
piroxicam
pirprofen
pitavastatin
pitolisant
pizotifen
plecanatide
pleconaril
plerixafor
podophyllotoxin
polatuzumab vedotin
polmacoxib
polyestradiol phosphate
polythiazide
pomalidomide
ponatinib
ponesimod
posaconazole
potassium chloride
potassium iodide
potassium phosphate, monobasic
prabotulinumtoxinA
practolol
pralatrexate
pralidoxime
pralmorelin
pralsetinib
pramipexole
pramlintide
pramocaine
pranlukast
pranoprofen
prasterone
prasugrel
pravastatin
prazepam
praziquantel
prazosin
prednicarbate
prednisolone
prednisolone acetate
prednisolone sodium phosphate
prednisolone tebutate
prednisone
pregabalin
pregnenolone succinate
prenalterol
prenylamine
pridinol
prilocaine
primaquine
primidone
probenecid
probucol
procainamide
procaine
procaterol
prochlorperazine
procyclidine
profenamine
progabide
progesterone
proglumide
proguanil
proline
promazine
promegestone
promethazine
pronetalol
propafenone
propamidine
propantheline
proparacaine
propentofylline
propiomazine
propiram
propofol
propoxycaine
propranolol
propylthiouracil
propyphenazone
proquazone
proscillaridin
protionamide
protirelin
protokylol
protoporphyrin
protriptyline
prucalopride
pseudoephedrine
pyrantel
pyrazinamide
pyridostigmine
pyridoxal
pyridoxal phosphate
pyridoxine
pyrimethamine
pyrithione
pyrithione zinc
pyrovalerone
pyrvinium
quazepam
quercetin
quetiapine
quinagolide
quinapril
quinestrol
quinethazone
quingestanol acetate
quinidine
quinine
quinisocaine
quizartinib
rabeprazole
racecadotril
racepinefrine
radotinib
raloxifene
raltegravir
raltitrexed
ramatroban
ramelteon
ramipril
ramosetron
ramucirumab
ranibizumab
ranitidine
ranolazine
rapacuronium
rasagiline
ravulizumab
raxibacumab
rebamipide
reboxetine
regadenoson
regorafenib
relebactam
relugolix
remdesivir
remifentanil
remikiren
remimazolam
remoxipride
repaglinide
reproterol
rescinnamine
reserpine
reslizumab
resorcinol
reteplase
retigabine
retinol
retinol acetate
revaprazan
revefenacin
ribavirin
ribociclib
riboflavin
ridaforolimus
rifabutin
rifampicin
rifamycin
rifapentine
rifaximin
rilmenidine
rilonacept
rilpivirine
riluzole
rimantadine
rimegepant
rimexolone
rimonabant
riociguat
rioprostil
ripasudil
ripazepam
ripretinib
risankizumab
risedronic acid
risperidone
ritodrine
ritonavir
rituximab
rivaroxaban
rivastigmine
rizatriptan
rocuronium
rofecoxib
roflumilast
rolapitant
rolitetracycline
romidepsin
romiplostim
romosozumab
ropeginterferon alfa-2b
ropinirole
ropivacaine
rose bengal
rosiglitazone
rosuvastatin
rotigotine
roxadustat
roxatidine acetate
roxithromycin
ruboxistaurin
rucaparib
rufinamide
rupatadine
rutoside
ruxolitinib
sabcomeline
sacituzumab govitecan
sacubitril
safinamide
salbutamol
salicylic acid
salmeterol
samidorphan
sapropterin
saquinavir
saralasin
sargramostim
sarilumab
saroglitazar
sarpogrelate
satralizumab
saxagliptin
scopolamine
scopolamine butylbromide
secbutabarbital
secnidazole
secobarbital
secretin human
secukinumab
selegiline
selexipag
selinexor
selpercatinib
selumetinib
semaglutide
semustine
seractide
seratrodast
serine
sermorelin
sertaconazole
sertindole
sertraline
setastine
setmelanotide
sevoflurane
sibutramine
sildenafil
silodosin
siltuximab
silymarin
simeprevir
simvastatin
sincalide
siponimod
sirolimus
sisomicin
sitafloxacin
sitagliptin
sitaxentan
sitosterol
sivelestat
sodium acetate
sodium aurothiomalate
sodium benzoate
sodium citrate
sodium lauryl sulfate
sodium nitrite
sodium oxybate
sodium phosphate
sodium propionate
sodium pyrophosphate
sofosbuvir
sofpironium bromide
solifenacin
solriamfetol
somapacitan
somatorelin
somatostatin
somatrem
somatropin
sonidegib
sorafenib
sorivudine
sotagliflozin
sotalol
sotorasib
spaglumic acid
sparfloxacin
spectinomycin
spiclomazine
spinosad
spiperone
spirapril
spironolactone
stallimycin
stanozolol
stavudine
stearic acid
stiripentol
streptomycin
strychnine
succinic acid
succinimide
sucralfate
sufentanil
sulbactam
sulbentine
sulconazole
sulfacetamide
sulfacytine
sulfadiazine
sulfadiazine silver
sulfadimethoxine
sulfadimidine
sulfadoxine
sulfaethidole
sulfafurazole
sulfaguanidine
sulfalene
sulfamerazine
sulfameter
sulfamethizole
sulfamethoxazole
sulfanilamide
sulfaphenazole
sulfapyridine
sulfasalazine
sulfathiazole
sulfinpyrazone
sulfisoxazole acetyl
sulfobromophthalein
sulforidazine
sulfur
sulindac
sulmazole
suloctidil
sulpiride
sulprostone
sultiame
sultopride
sumatriptan
sunitinib
suprofen
suramin
suvorexant
suxamethonium
tacalcitol
tacrine
tacrolimus
tadalafil
tafamidis
tafasitamab
tafluprost
tagraxofusp
talastine
talazoparib tosylate
talbutal
talinolol
talipexole
taltirelin
tamibarotene
tamoxifen
tamsulosin
tandospirone
tannic acid
tapentadol
tasimelteon
tasosartan
tavaborole
tazarotene
tazemetostat
tazobactam
tecovirimat
tedisamil
tedizolid phosphate
teduglutide
tegaserod
teicoplanin aglycone
telaprevir
telbivudine
telithromycin
telmisartan
telotristat ethyl
temazepam
temocapril
temsirolimus
tenapanor
tenecteplase
teneligliptin
tenidap
teniposide
tenofovir
tenofovir disoproxil
tenoxicam
tepotinib
teprotumumab
terazosin
terbinafine
terbutaline
terconazole
terfenadine
terguride
teriflunomide
teriparatide
terodiline
tertatolol
tesamorelin
testolactone
testosterone
testosterone cypionate
testosterone enantate
testosterone propionate
testosterone undecanoate
tetrabenazine
tetracaine
tetracosactide
tetracycline
tetroxoprim
tetryzoline
tezacaftor
thalidomide
theophylline
thiabendazole
thiamazole
thiamine
thiamphenicol
thiamylal
thiethylperazine
thiocolchicoside
thioctic acid
thioguanine
thiomersal
thiopental
thioproperazine
thioridazine
thiotepa
thiothixene
thiram
thymol
thyropropic acid
thyrotropin alfa
tiagabine
tiamenidine
tianeptine
tiapride
tiaprofenic acid
tibolone
ticagrelor
ticarcillin
ticlopidine
tienilic acid
tildrakizumab
tilidine
tiliquinol
tiludronic acid
timolol
tinoridine
tiocarlide
tioconazole
tiopronin
tiotropium bromide
tioxolone
tipiracil
tipranavir
tiquizium
tirabrutinib hydrochloride
tiracizine
tiratricol
tirbanibulin
tirilazad
tirofiban
tivozanib
tizanidine
tobramycin
tocainide
tocilizumab
tofacitinib
tofisopam
tofogliflozin
tolazamide
tolazoline
tolbutamide
tolcapone
tolfenamic acid
toliprolol
tolmetin
tolnaftate
tolonium
toloxatone
tolperisone
tolrestat
tolterodine
tolvaptan
tonzonium
topiramate
topiroxostat
topotecan
toremifene
torsemide
trabectedin
tramadol
tramazoline
trametinib
trandolapril
tranexamic acid
tranilast
tranylcypromine
trastuzumab
trastuzumab deruxtecan
trastuzumab emtansine
travoprost
trazodone
trelagliptin
trenbolone hexahydrobenzylcarbonate
treprostinil
tretinoin
tretoquinol
triamcinolone
triamcinolone acetonide
triamcinolone diacetate
triamcinolone hexacetonide
triamterene
triazolam
trichlormethiazide
triclabendazole
triclocarban
triclofos
triclosan
tridihexethyl
trientine
trifarotene
trifluoperazine
trifluperidol
triflupromazine
trifluridine
trihexyphenidyl
trilaciclib
trilostane
trimetaphan
trimetazidine
trimethadione
trimethoprim
trimetrexate
trimipramine
trioxsalen
triparanol
tripelennamine
triprolidine
triptorelin
trisodium citrate dihydrate
troglitazone
troleandomycin
tropicamide
tropisetron
trospium
trovafloxacin
trypan blue
tryptophan
tubocurarine
tucatinib
tulobuterol
tyramine
tyrosine
ubenimex
ubrogepant
udenafil
ulipristal
ulobetasol propionate
umbralisib
umeclidinium
upadacitinib
urapidil
uridine triphosphate
urokinase
ursodiol
ustekinumab
vadadustat
valaciclovir
valbenazine
valdecoxib
valethamate
valganciclovir
valine
valproic acid
valrubicin
valsartan
vancomycin
vandetanib
vaniprevir
vardenafil
varenicline
vasopressin
vecuronium
vedolizumab
velnacrine
velpatasvir
vemurafenib
venetoclax
venlafaxine
verapamil
vericiguat
vernakalant
vesnarinone
vibegron
vidarabine
vigabatrin
vilanterol
vilazodone
vildagliptin
viloxazine
viltolarsen
vinblastine
vinburnine
vincamine
vincristine
vindesine
vinflunine
vinorelbine
vinpocetine
vismodegib
vitamin A palmitate
voclosporin
voglibose
volanesorsen
vonoprazan
vorapaxar
voriconazole
vorinostat
vorozole
vortioxetine
voxelotor
voxilaprevir
warfarin
xamoterol
xanomeline
ximelagatran
xylometazoline
yohimbine
zafirlukast
zalcitabine
zaleplon
zanamivir
zanubrutinib
ziconotide
zidovudine
zileuton
zimeldine
zinc chloride
ziprasidone
zofenopril
zoledronic acid
zolmitriptan
zolpidem
zomepirac
zonisamide
zopiclone
zotarolimus
zotepine
zucapsaicin
zuclopenthixol
